## PREFACE ##

Calling, banking, booking, and what else, we ask to be identified many times. 

The identity, to recognize same among various things, is not necessary only about identifying yourself for others, but also about knowing what you sense, what you feel, and what you think inside your consciousness as an individual window of the world to understand. 

It requires a very special authority to prove something authentic, unique, and same. Therefore it should be based on reliability, responsibility, safety, and consideration. Recently, for design defect, if one more thing is added, it should not be a leaky vessel. 

The authority is a power to produce identity among cognition. Thus, we should check the power closely; what can have the power, whether it has a proper right to use, whether the right is assigned properly or excessively, and if the way to use it is designed rightly.

........

Well I felt that we need change the focus on from the desperate external area to the optimistic internal area, and it must be an answer there by making his identity be robust, safe, trustful, and independent. 

This article is not a doctrine or a propaganda about how to live or what to live, but contains practical technology to guide a proper way for future. 

Though a few of persons are not familiar with technology or quite skeptical only about technology itself, what I talk was found in the nature by the human and I wish that people keep same view as watching a nature scene, while reading this.